Master Fan has said it
It doesn't matter, just say it directly.
Recently, Toutiao has a negative impact on our group
Cause the stock price to plummet
We will arrange for the public relations team to handle it.
Press it down
What's the headline?
Why don't I know, take a look.
Shit
Who the hell wrote this?
Say I'm a mistress
This should be a story message.
We'll deal with it urgently.
Excuse me, Mr. Fan
Oh, what's going on?
We made pictures at the manor
It was maliciously edited by the p picture.
Who did it?
He even came to the house to take candid photos
These media are so hateful
I don't think it's necessarily someone else
Is there a ghost in the house?
Is there a ghost?
You mean Chu Chu
It doesn't make sense.
These photos are taken on purpose
To be so embarrassing
Chu Chu's words
He has no reason.
It's not him he wouldn't do it cut
You believe him so much?
Let's not come to the company these days.
Since someone has found a pusher behind the scenes and wants to watch the show
Then we'll show them a good show
But let's get along normally these days
Wait until I find a place to shoot
I want to play a good role for you.
Well, you're not trying to do something to me, are you?
Hey don't say
I'm very interested in my own body
Dead pervert hmmm